Count me master
Still want to run away
Who is this?
This is his spirit
Shame of the Day
He will report the madness someday
As expected of the Protector Emperor soldiers
It made them run away
Hmm, they run fast
Explain that a trace of soul splitting strength is comparable to Halloween powerhouses
Sure enough, he is a disciple of heaven and earth
descendants of Tianzong
Meet heaven and earth
Why is he so calm when he sees heaven and earth?
That's weird.
Shi Ze's disciples are expanding their territory in the Nine Heavens
Solid genes have been laid down
But when will the pattern be completed for you?
Don't worry, it won't be long.
I read that right?
Heaven and earth actually nodded to the antelope